==Library Rooms==
Super Admin Details
---------------------------
Email id = admin@ncsu.edu
Password = NCState201
------------------------------
Note: Due to abuse by reviewers, we have disabled the settings page for super admin. You can create a new admin and test out the settings page (change profile details except email id).
------------------------------

Navigation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Rooms can be searched from home page. Only one room can be booked at a time by a member. Admin can book more than one room for any other member.
2. Notifications are available in My Profile page, admin can view each member's notifications
3. Each page has different options on the right, based on admin and member
4. Reservation history has options to cancel a booking which is in the future or release an ongoing booking
5. One can sign up in if he/she is a new member
6. New admins, members and rooms can be added by an admin in Manage Admins, Manage Members and Manage Rooms pages respectively
7. Members can be deleted by admins via the Manage Members page
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Special Use-cases
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. In case a room having reservations gets deleted, all reservations having that room get deleted (same is reflected in every one's history). None of the members who had reservations on the room get deleted.

2. When a library member gets deleted, all his/her reservations get deleted too. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXTRA CREDITS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Admin can book more than one room on behalf of any another member from his home page. In admin home page there is a On behalf of field which can be used to give the email id of any member for whome the room needs to be booked.

2. When a booking is made, the member/admin can give comma seperated email id's of regesitered members/admins (WITHOUT ANY SPACE) whome he/she would like to notify (EX- admin@ncsu.edu,sweekrut@ncsu.edu). When those members login, they can see the notifications in their My Profile tab.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Test Cases
------------------------------------------------
Unit test for Rooms has been written
Functional test for Rooms also has been written
------------------------------------------------

Notes
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the sanity of the DB, only delete records which have been created by you. Do not delete records created by others as more than one person might be reviewing.
Website works on most devices including mobile
Website works on Raleigh time zone
Website may have untested problems on mozilla browser
Git commit history can be checked in git hub or one can clone the repository and run gitk --all command.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Update after round 1 review (based on review feedback)
-------------------------------
Bug fixes:
1. Fixed - Room booking conformation page was displaying invalid data.
2. Fixed - Admins/members could delete themself from the MyProfile page.
3. Fixed - Reservations and rooms and members should be linked. Deleting any one should have a cascading effect.
4. Fixed - Members/Admins can change every thing except their email ids
5. Fixed - Super admin settings cannot be changed at all. This is to make sure no one changes super user details (makes it difficult for others to review).
